follower of the big canvas hello
today we are tackling 2001
the space odyssey of stanley kubrick
nine big sci-fi movies from
all the time at the dawn of humanity
alister black mill will rush a
evolution of a great monkey that will become
to 9.4 million ha the latest on the
Moon
researchers and other humans
monolith that emits a signal towards
jupiter a vessel controlled by a
artificial intelligence will then be
sent to the distant star in order to
find the answer to the biggest
riddle that may have met humanity
which repels quite often in the 2001
it's the rhythm the film is cold the year
there is little dialogue and realism
scientist is pushed to the extreme
of course the idea of ​​kubrick this was
not to scare the viewer but beautiful and
good to make him feel the experience
a journey into space
except that in 1968 space exploration
in the heads because this crime
had not yet set foot on the
moon kubrick had to imagine what
could be life in space he had
access to NASA's work there
surrounded himself with specialists to render
credible every detail of his film
and for a bit that we look at his
masterpiece of good conditions
image and sound 2001 is actually
a real trip to the confines of
the universe
but the great technology
developed in the film is cold and
dehumanizing just like franck
perverted in his saga of a kubrick
feared that the man would be tempted to
copy to all his responsibilities to
a machine and become slave of
his own creation that's why the
most important character of 2001 and
hal 9000 a paranoid computer and
murderer as astronaut david bowman
will have to defeat in order to complete the destiny
cosmic of humanity
and yes 2001 is a movie that celebrates the
again the age of space exploration
but it's also a work on
unfathomable mysteries of the cosmos a myth
on the purpose of our existence
inspired by the mysterious monolith of which
the origins escape all understanding
by means of the image but also of the
kubrick music makes a film about
the insignificance of human thought
against the titanic proportions of
the universe at its release
2001 the odyssey of space plus a flop
and the critical welcome was disastrous
slow room operators decided
to leave the film to the card is to
more and more that one came to see this
atypical work since 2001 remains the
master stallion of science fiction
that's all for today at
soon for new adventures